Who are Jehovah’s Witnesses?
We come from hundreds of ethnic
and language backgrounds,
yet we share common beliefs and goals.
We worship Jehovah,
the God of the Bible
and the Creator of all things.
We are Christians,
so we follow the teachings
and example of Christ Jesus.
Like Jesus, we strive
to be honest, peaceful,
law-abiding citizens
of the land where we live.
Even more important,
we all follow Jesus’ example
by regularly spending time
helping people learn
about the Bible and God’s Kingdom.
Because we witness, or talk,
about Jehovah God
and his Kingdom,
we are known as Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Each week,
we meet together at Kingdom Halls
to learn about God
and his Word, the Bible.
Our meetings are free
and open to the public.
We welcome you to visit us.
To find a Kingdom Hall near you,
please accept an invitation
from one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
or use the online search feature
at jw.org.